(#440) Created dynamic code block component (#27)
chocolatey/choco-astro: README.md

* Learn about Astro and how to use [Components in `.mdx` and `.astro`](https://design.chocolatey.org/foundations/astro) file types.
* Learn how to use the [`<Callout />` Component](https://design.chocolatey.org/components/callouts) to display notes and important information.
* Learn how to use the [`<CollapseButton />` Component](https://design.chocolatey.org/collapse-button) to display a button that triggers a collapsed element.

> * Learn how to use the [`<CodeBlock />` and `<InputForCodeBlock />` Components](https://design.chocolatey.org/code-block) to display a code block with variables that can be replaced with values from inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Learn how to use the [`<DynamicCodeBlock />` and `<DynamicCodeBlockInput />` Components](https://design.chocolatey.org/components/dynamic-code-block) to display a code block with variables that can be replaced with values from inputs.
```

I think we should include `Dynamic` in the component name here as well, that way when it's imported it's clear it a dynamic one. There might be some time in the future that we just add a general `CodeBlock` component so we don't want to get them confused.
